Update CHANGELOG for Horizon release 2.31.0 (#5345)
stellar/go: services/horizon/CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this
file. This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## 2.31.0

> As part of Protocol 21, if you are using a custom captive-core config, make sure to set `EXPERIMENTAL_BUCKETLIST_DB=true` there along with `CAPTIVE_CORE_USE_DB=true` in the Horizon config. If you are setting `CAPTIVE_CORE_USE_DB=false`, ensure the bucketlist parameter to false too.

Reviewer: Isn't CAPTIVE_CORE_USE_DB set to true by default and setting it to false is *not* recommended and comes with a deprecation warning? I'm not sure if including this suggests that it's okay to use CAPTIVE_CORE_USE_DB=false. What do you think @sreuland?

Reviewer 2: @urvisavla ,yes, toml.go in this version does does still mostly automate this, and would error if UseDB=false and EXPERIMENTAL_BUCKETLIST_DB is present in core config toml.

I added summary on that to prior [comment here](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/5345#issuecomment-2166703614)

Author: @urvisavla Yes useDB is set to true by default, however there may be some people having left it on false (this actually happened with FT today) and then get an error.

> As part of Protocol 21, if you are using a custom captive-core config, make sure to set `EXPERIMENTAL_BUCKETLIST_DB=true` there along with `CAPTIVE_CORE_USE_DB=true` in the Horizon config. If you are setting `CAPTIVE_CORE_USE_DB=false`, ensure the bucketlist parameter to false too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using a custom captive-core config and setting Horizon `CAPTIVE_CORE_USE_DB=false`, then need to make sure to set `EXPERIMENTAL_BUCKETLIST_DB=false` in the captive core config toml to be compatible with stellar-core versions 21 and earlier
```
